Create a single Terraform configuration file named tap_stack.tf containing all variables, locals, resources, and outputs (no provider block, no module references) that fulfills the following security and infrastructure requirements:
1. There is requirement to have resources deployed in two different regions us-east-2 and us-west-1. So Please create proper VPC in each region and set specific CIDR for the VPC. VPCs with CIDR blocks: 10.0.0.0/16 for the primary and 10.1.0.0/16 for the secondary region. Please make us-east-2 primary and us-west-1 as secondary.
2. VPCs should have  private and  public subnets in each VPC for each region. Also  crate necessary Nat gateway, internet gateway, route table and route table association as per the network infrastructure requirements.Implement high availability  availability zones, automatic failover, and robust redundancy plans.
3. Implement IAM policies with the principle of least privilege and enable Multi-Factor Authentication for all critical user roles, especially root accounts.
4. Use AWS Lambda functions for serverless operations, triggering functions through API Gateway, and ensure AWS WAF is protecting these entry points.
5. Create an Static non public S3 bucket and Encrypt all storage services at rest using AWS Key Management Service (KMS) and ensure secure communication by enforcing HTTPS/TLS 1.2.
6. Implement Individual RDS in each region but with multiple AZ support for respective regions. Use  random master user name of length 8 without special characters and it should start with alphabet.  and master random password of length 16 with special characters. Make sure not to use any special characters which aws doesn't allow for RDS.  Also snapshot or deletion protection is not needed for RDS. Use AWS secrete manager to store these username and password in each regions respectively. Ensure that all RDS instances are set to not be publicly accessible. Configure RDS instances for automatic minor version upgrades to maintain database efficiency and security. Configure Multi-AZ deployments for RDS instances to ensure high availability.
7. Set up logging and monitoring with CloudTrail for API monitoring and CloudWatch for alarming with strict metrics watched for anomalies.
8. Use specific tagging strategies for all resources and implement AWS Config to maintain inventory and audit changes.
9. Apply a Security Group and Network Access Control List (NACL) strategy to manage input and output access securely within the VPC.
10. Integrate a Bastion host to facilitate secure administrative access.
