Create a single Terraform configuration file named tap_stack.tf containing all variables, locals, resources, and outputs (no provider block, no module references) that fulfills the following security and infrastructure requirements:
1. There is requirement to have resources deployed in this region us-east-1 . So Please create proper VPC and set specific CIDR for the VPC. VPCs with CIDR blocks: 10.0.0.0/16.
2. VPCs should have 2 private and 2 public subnets in VPC. Also  crate necessary Nat gateway, internet gateway, route table and route table association as per the network infrastructure requirements. Implement high availability with at least three availability zones, automatic failover, and robust redundancy plans. Use NAT Gateways to allow internet access for resources in private subnets. 
3.  Deploy compute resources  ec2 using amazon linux2 latest AMI with auto scaling and load balancing capabilities to ensure high availability and fault tolerance within the private subnets.
4.  Implement Individual RDS in each region but with multiple AZ support. Add read replica for the DB. Use random master user name of length 8 without special characters and it should start with alphabet. and master random password of length 16 with special characters. Make sure not to use any special characters which aws doesn't allow for RDS. Also snapshot or deletion protection is not needed for RDS. Use AWS secrete manager to store these username and password in each regions respectively. Ensure that all RDS instances are set to not be publicly accessible. Configure RDS instances for automatic minor version upgrades to maintain database efficiency and security. Configure Multi-AZ deployments for RDS instances to ensure high availability. Encrypt data at rest in the RDS instance. Store RDS username and password in AWS system manager parameter store insecure string using AWS managed KMS key.Apply at-rest encryption on all RDS instances using KMS.
5. Setup IAM configurations to secure resource interactions with least priviliged access.
6.  Ensure logging and monitoring for operational visibility.
7. Create S3 bucket  and CloudFront for static asset storage and global distribution.
8. Use Tag "environment":"prd" with each resource.
9.Ensure compliance with all security constraints including least privilege IAM roles.
10. Use consistent, descriptive naming conventions defined by locals or input variables for all resources for easier management.
11. Give character size 4 suffix in small letters only with each resource so that stack dont get error of "resource already exists". Also use small characters only for this suffix. 
