Create a single Terraform configuration file named tap_stack.tf containing all variables, locals, resources, and outputs (no provider block, no module references) that fulfills the following security and infrastructure requirements:
1. There is requirement to have resources deployed in two different regions us-west-2 and eu-west-1. So Please create proper VPC in each region and set specific CIDR for the VPC. VPCs with CIDR blocks: 10.0.0.0/16 for the primary and 10.1.0.0/16 for the secondary region. Please make us-west-2 primary and eu-west-1 as secondary.
2. VPCs should have 2 private and 2 public subnets in each VPC for each region. Also  crate necessary Nat gateway, internet gateway, route table and route table association as per the network infrastructure requirements.Implement high availability with at least three availability zones, automatic failover, and robust redundancy plans. Use NAT Gateways to allow internet access for resources in private subnets. 
3.  Implement Individual RDS in each region but with multiple AZ support for respective regions. Use random master user name of length 8 without special characters and it should start with alphabet. and master random password of length 16 with special characters. Make sure not to use any special characters which aws doesn't allow for RDS. Also snapshot or deletion protection is not needed for RDS. Use AWS secrete manager to store these username and password in each regions respectively. Ensure that all RDS instances are set to not be publicly accessible. Configure RDS instances for automatic minor version upgrades to maintain database efficiency and security. Configure Multi-AZ deployments for RDS instances to ensure high availability. Encrypt data at rest in the RDS instance.
4. Create S3 bucket in both regions respective , it should be non-public and with the required security settings.
5.  Establish proper IAM and security group settings. And IAM policies with the least privileged access.
6. Setup proper monitoring for the RDS instance using cloud watch alarms.
7.  Give character size 4 suffix in small letters only with each resource so that stack dont get error of "resource already exists".
