1. There is requirement to have resources deployed in two different regions us-west-2 and eu-west-1. So Please create proper VPC in each region and set specific CIDR for the VPC. VPCs with CIDR blocks: 10.0.0.0/16 for the primary and 10.1.0.0/16 for the secondary region. Please make us-west-2 primary and eu-west-1 as secondary.
2. VPCs should have 2 private and 2 public subnets in each VPC for each region.
3. Implement Individual RDS in each region but with multiple AZ support for respective regions. Use random master user name of length 8 without special characters and it should start with alphabet. and master random password of length 16 with special characters. Make sure not to use any special characters which aws doesn't allow for RDS. Also snapshot or deletion protection is not needed for RDS. Use AWS secrete manager to store these username and password in each regions respectively. Ensure that all RDS instances are set to not be publicly accessible. Configure RDS instances for automatic minor version upgrades to maintain database efficiency and security. Configure Multi-AZ deployments for RDS instances to ensure high availability.
4. Give Byte size 4 suffix with each resource so that stack dont get error of "resource already exists".
5. Create EC2 inst6ance with latest amazon linux2 AMI in each region with their auto scaling groups in respective regions with minimum 2 instance and maximum 4 instances. Utilize Auto Scaling groups for EC2 instances with specific scale dimensions. Install Elastic Load Balancers to balance the load across EC2 instances.
6.Create S3 bucket in each respective regions Implement S3 buckets with versioning and encryption. 
7. Set up IAM roles and policies to restrict resources appropriately.
8.  Ensure that required  any resource changes are automatically replicated across both environments.
