Create a single Terraform configuration file named tap_stack.tf containing all variables, locals, resources, and outputs (no provider block, no module references) that fulfills the following security and infrastructure requirements:
1. There is requirement to have resources deployed in two different regions us-east-2 and us-west-1. So Please create proper VPC in each region and set specific CIDR for the VPC. VPCs with CIDR blocks: 10.0.0.0/16 for the primary and 10.1.0.0/16 for the secondary region. Please make us-east-2 primary and us-west-1 as secondary.
2. VPCs should have  private and  public subnets in each VPC for each region. Also  crate necessary Nat gateway, internet gateway, route table and route table association as per the network infrastructure requirements.
3. Create EC2 instance in public subnet with security group restricting SSH to CIDR only.
4.  Implement Individual Postgres RDS in each region but with multiple AZ support for respective regions ensuring it is not internet accessible and that the storage is encrypted with AWS-managed KMS keys. Use  random master user name of length 8 without special characters and it should start with alphabet.  and master random password of length 16 with special characters. Make sure not to use any special characters which aws doesn't allow for RDS.  Also snapshot or deletion protection is not needed for RDS. Use AWS secrete manager to store these username and password in each regions respectively. Ensure that all RDS instances are set to not be publicly accessible.Configure RDS instances for automatic minor version upgrades to maintain database efficiency and security. Configure Multi-AZ deployments for RDS instances to ensure high availability.
5. Define an IAM policy that allows access to DynamoDB adhering to the least privilege principle.
6. Set up VPC Flow Logs to monitor all network traffic flows, and automatically trigger SNS notifications on unauthorized access attempts. 
7.  Provision non public S3 bucket for RDS backups ensuring data is private and encrypted.
8. Enable AWS CloudTrail to ensure all API calls are logged across your infrastructure. 
9. Tag all resources with 'Environment:Production' , 'ownership:self', 'departmental:businessunit'.
10. Use consistent, descriptive naming conventions defined by locals or input variables for all resources for easier management.
