Create a single Terraform configuration file named tap_stack.tf containing all variables, locals, resources, and outputs (no provider block, no module references) that fulfills the following security and infrastructure requirements:
1. There is requirement to have resources deployed in  regions us-east-2 .So Please create proper VPC in each region and set specific CIDR for the VPC. VPCs with CIDR blocks: 10.0.0.0/16.
2. VPCs should have  3 private and  3 public subnets in three different Availability zones  Also  crate necessary Nat gateway, internet gateway, route table and route table association as per the network infrastructure requirements.Implement high availability with at least three availability zones, automatic failover, and robust redundancy plans.Use NAT Gateways to allow internet access for resources in private subnets. 
3. Implement an Elastic Load Balancer with EC2 instances using latest amazon linux 2 AMI with a publicly accessible endpoint, secured with a DNS-validated SSL certificate from ACM, and restrict IP access. 
4.  Establish an Auto Scaling group linked to EC2 instances to adjust to changes in traffic.  with minimum 2 instances and maximum 4 instances
5. Implement Individual RDS in  with multiple AZ support. Use  random master user name of length 8 without special characters and it should start with alphabet.  and master random password of length 16 with special characters. Make sure not to use any special characters which aws doesn't allow for RDS.  Also snapshot or deletion protection is not needed for RDS. Use AWS secrete manager to store these username and password in each regions respectively. Ensure that all RDS instances are set to not be publicly accessible. Configure RDS instances for automatic minor version upgrades to maintain database efficiency and security. Configure Multi-AZ deployments for RDS instances to ensure high availability.
6.  Store application logs in an S3 bucket with server-side encryption and enable versioning for recovery.
7.  Ensure all EC2 instances and the RDS instance have proper IAM roles with least privilege access. 
8. Utilize CloudWatch to monitor CPU utilization across all instances, and configure SNS to alert when predefined thresholds are exceeded.
9. Integrate necessary IAM policies and roles as per best practices. 
10. Please keep all resources name in lower characters keeping the AWS naming convention into considerations.
11. Create outputs for all the resources being created in the stack.
